Implicit VS Explicit
Both are dynamic waits.

Implicit  -  rejtett, közvetett
    tells the webdriver maximum wait time when searching for elements before throwing: No such element exception
    this is global, all webelements in the script
    do not specify expected conditions on the element to be located

    36-os példában:
    Set Selenium Implicit Wait  Sets the implicit wait value used by Selenium.
    Get Selenium Implicit Wait  Gets the implicit wait value used by Selenium.
    Set Browser Implicit Wait   Sets the implicit wait value used by Selenium.

Explicit  -  1. világosan kimondott, egyértelmű; 2. közvetlen;
    tells the webdriver to halt the execution until a particular condition is met or the time has passed
    this applicable only those webelements which are specified by the user
    explicit wait requires the expected conditions to be specified for elements, like wait until element is enabled.

    37-es példában:
    Wait Until Page Contains    Waits until text appears on the current page.
    Wait Until Page Contains Element    Waits until the element locator appears on the current page.
    Wait Until Page Does Not Contains    Waits until text disappears from the current page.
    Wait Until Page Does Not Contains Element    Waits until the element locator disappears from the current page.

    Wait Until Location Is  Waits until the current URL is expected.
    Wait Until Location Is Not  Waits until the current URL is not location.
    Wait Until Location Contains    Waits until the current URL contains expected.
    Wait Until Location Does Not Contains   Waits until the current URL does not contains location.

    Wait Until Element Contains Waits until the element locator contains text.
    Wait Until Element Does Not Contains    Waits until the element locator does not contain text.
    Wait Until Element Is Visible   Waits until the element locator is visible.
    Wait Until Element Is Not Visible   Waits until the element locator is not visible.
    Wait Until Element Is Enabled   Waits until the element locator is enabled.

